Add test plan for Non-MPI profiling (#3244)
geopm/geopm: integration/test/plan/README.md

     files and `geopmbench` can be invoked with the GEOPMBENCH_NO_MPI
     environment variable to avoid any MPI calls. For more information
     about the environment configuration of `geopmbench`, see
     [here](https://geopm.github.io/geopmbench.1.html#environment).
3. `test_regions_valid` - The summarized report file contains valid
   data for the expected regions.
   - Region data is first validated by examining the count of how many
     times a particular region was called.  Notice that `model-init`
     and `MPI_Init_thread` have an expected count of 0.5 which may be
     confusing.  This is due to the way the reports are summarized.
     Since there are only 2 processes connecting to the Controller to
     be profiled, and only one of those applications (`geopmbench`)
     calls `model-init` and `MPI_Init_thread`, when the count is
     summarized over the 2 processes, 1 call / 2 processes = 0.5 calls
     on average.
   - `geopmbench` contains region markup for the `dgemm` and `stream`
     regions.  This leads to distinct sections in the report denoted
     by those names.  Notice that the count of these regions is 1, not

>      0.5.  This is because...

Author: Not sure on this actually...

GEOPM see: [man 7 geopm](https://geopm.github.io/geopm.7.html).

When the script is complete several GEOPM output files will be
present in the current working directory, suffixed with the compute
node that they were executed on: the summarized report file -
`test_multi_app_report.yaml-node1`, the time series data -
`test_multi_app_trace.csv-node1`, and the time series data of
per-process messages between the application and the Controller -
`test_multi_app_trace_profile.csv-node1`.  These files will be used to
verify the run completed as expected in the next section.

### test_multi_app.py
This file contains the test harness necessary to launch
`test_multi_app.sh` and also the test assertions that verify the data
gathered during the run.

By default, this test is setup to run on a single compute node.  After
`test_multi_app.sh` completes, the following assertions are tested:

1. `test_meta_data` - The test ran on the expected number of nodes.
2. `test_expected_regions_exist` - The summarized report file contains
   data for the expected set of application regions.
   - Notice that `MPI_Init_thread` is still listed as an expected

>      region even though the application does not use MPI.  This is
>      because the GEOPM Runtime is still built with MPI support by
>      default, and thus will initialize MPI even if the application
>      will not use it.  In this case, `geopmbench` *is* being invoked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     region even though the application does not use MPI.  This is
     because the GEOPM Runtime is still built with MPI support by
     default, and will track calls to MPI_Init_thread by any application
     process that calls it.  In this case, `geopmbench` *is* being invoked
```

     in it's default configuration which enables MPI support.
     However, the JSON configuration for `geopmbench` specifies no MPI
     regions.  This means `geopmbench` will call `MPI_Init` and
     `MPI_Finalize` but will not otherwise use MPI.
   - If the Runtime was built *without* MPI support, the
     `MPI_Init_thread`  region would not be present in the output

>      files and `geopmbench` can be invoked with the GEOPMBENCH_NO_MPI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     files.  `geopmbench` can be invoked with the GEOPMBENCH_NO_MPI
```
